what's up YouTube is me Jace back back
at you will not a should review this is
the Buffs this is um one of the buffs
from my nike.com pick up it's pretty
beat-up
just knock it in put some bubble wrap on
it of course the voice inside you should
be a plane this is the one that I got
from let's go over to the tag Nike Air
Max 97 premium hey quick striked retail
for 155 there's star number and
everything
Nike bucks maybe Nike changed buffs like
this because big a lot of replicas on
the air maxes out there but there it is
there's the shoe those of you that end
up in a shoe game you could've really be
initiating for a minute because this
shoe release way way back then and even
back then I cannot afford to get it so
Todd I was when I saw a release I was
like why not get a pair always wanted
one
back then when I was a kid you never got
him but now I got that money dough so
yeah I just cobble overall oh Michael
maybe
if I stare it a little bit more longer
who knows some might like me any minute
that's a good credit of ever me but
that's fired up
okay now I remember why I'd like this
shoe that I can have for buying it
before sue
that right there
you know what this is gone does your
review right shall we
so from the toolbox all the way around
as you know this part right here is my
chair right here you just hyper fuse or
a fuse or something all the way around
the silver blackpool top the same thing
goes around a silver to the top
the Nike checkmark excuse me the Nike
swoosh logo right there is in red pyro
red whatever we had to call all you want
to call it the whole shoe is breathable
mesh throughout see so reason why they
make layer layer layer like this just go
with the theme of the shoe okay but the
whole shoe is breathable mesh
right there
profuse with the
stitch on swish so this is the
interesting part from this part this
material here solid 3m this one layer
right here all the way around solid 3m
this layer here is also in 3m okay
and this partnership from here all the
way around this all in 3m so they make
it look like well you know what this
your Amamiya Shack gnosis it's not quite
the same but he reminds me of shag roses
right this whole thing what my turn on
my iPhone or my personal assistant and
you can see it right there
the shoe blow like crazy it's crazy
right by them 3m son talking about three
oh yeah look at that I'm doing the top
view of this shoe at their only reason
why I use my iPhone so you can see that
3m I shoulda sprays in value they'll be
cool if they make this part right here
that's fire right there now I remember
why I like this shoe then I kind of
afford it back then now I got the moola
you got them as you can see the rice is
not glow only that part right there
through a material nothing else on this
shoe isn't clear enough with that one
must go back to the review or I camera
all right focus focus the camera trying
to adjust
mr. yellow city 960 learning
Bingham there you go but anyways so I
like what else that I like about this
shoe well the midsole just a plain white
midsole with a swish and wash through it
all the way around what I like about
this shoe is that the air unit just 360
air unit this clear air unit but those
pots right there is in silver
that's right there clear silver so the
whole shoe team is basically white let's
wash 3m material and clear midsole and
on the bottom it's pure black traction
pop all over the place as you can see
right there is the way the swoosh is
something interesting just a material
that's pretty much it there is for the
air max 97 feet quick strike premium
take quick strike
remind me of shad noses but that's my
opinion right so don't be tripping you
know it's not see at Knossos seriously
there we go
the front view of the shoe that's not
even aware the top view the other side
back view and the point of view if you
liked this video click the thumbs back
button I appreciate it
even if you don't like it take that dunk
like but tonight and just play subscribe
right down below to my youtube channel
at Jace back stay tuned for more video
after this I got about four three four
or five I don't know I will upload more
video that's right you know with this
shoe did you cop tissue what you think
about it this is true og right there
I've seen people worried back then
cannot afford it now I bet that moolah
let's see what is the hype all about oh
it's sad this year I almost forgot guys
inside the shoot it's all black with the
rest wish right swoosh right there and
that's the tag alright let you check
anybody there you go alright let me just
put them out stay tuned for more video
peace